chore: provide instructions for testing in README.md (#5)
ntls-io/wasm-exec-sgx: README.md

- Packages:
    - `make`
    - `clang` (recommended) or `gcc`
    - `cmake`
    - `autoconf`
    - `libtool`
- Snaps:
    - `docker`
- Rust toolchain:
    - See [#rust-ecosystem]

### Rust ecosystem

Install `rustup` as described at [rustup.rs](https://rustup.rs/).  If you did
not explicitly select `nightly` as your default toolchain then do so now
```
$ rustup default nightly
```

You will now have the `cargo` build tool, as well as the nigtly `rustc` compiler
installed on your system and may now continue setting up your environment.

### Environment

**NOTE:** If you opted to install `gcc` as your compiler, make sure you run
```
export CC=gcc; export CXX=g++
```
Otherwise you may safely continue.

The Rust and Intel SGX SDKs need to be installed and the
relevant environment variables need to be set.  In order to facilitate this, we
use the convenience scripts provided at [rust-sgx-sdk-env].

1. Make sure the `docker` daemon is running, otherwise start it with
   ```
   $ systemctl start snap.docker.dockerd
   ```
2. In order to run the scripts as a non-root user, follow the
   [docker-postinstall](post-installation instructions) set out in the Docker

>    documentation (note, in particular, that a restart may be necessary).

Reviewer: Can we rather add these two points into the [rust-sgx-sdk-env] README?

Then we can replace all these 4 points with:
1. Clone the project repository
   ```
   $ git clone https://github.com/PiDelport/rust-sgx-sdk-dev-env
   ```
   and `cd` into it.
2. Follow the README in [rust-sgx-sdk-dev-env] to setup your environment.

Reviewer 2: We can add it to both, but I will prefer if we keep all of the relevant instructions in this Readme as well.

Author: I cannot say for certain which approach is "better".  In this specific instance, my main concern was providing the path of least resistance, both for the DD reviewers and potential newcomers.  

To be more specific, there are other ways to set up Docker and, in fact, this is not even my preferred one.  Normally, you might rather leave it up to the developer to set it up however they want.

Reviewer: Ok cool then you can just add the point `1. Clone the project repository and cd into it` at step 3 so that the reader knows where the script is from exactly.

3. Run the latest "prepare" script:
   ```
   $ ./prepare-1.1.14-intel-2.15.1.sh
   ```
4. Finally, assuming `bash` is the current shell, source the environment file in
   the top level of the repository:
   ```
   $ source environment
   ```

### Instructions

1. Before proceeding, make sure your [environment is set up](#environment)
   properly.

> 2. Clone the project repository into the current directory

Reviewer: They don't have to clone the project repository into the current directory, they can clone it into any workspace.

Author: Agreed.  It was more my intention to convey that "the following command clones into your current directory" rather than "you have to clone into *this* directory and no other will do".  In other words, I was trying to guide the reader's expectation rather than dictating how they should organize their file system.

Reviewer: Cool, you can leave as is or remove ~`into the current directory`~

    ```
    $ git clone https://github.com/ntls-io/wasm-exec-sgx
    ```
   and `cd` into it.

> 3. Run `make all` to compile the entire project.

Reviewer: np, I run `make` :p

Author: That is the fastest and simplest approach yes, as `make` defaults to the first listed target if you do not specify a target.  In this case, I chose to specify the `all` target in order to:
1. be explicit,
2. cover the scenario where the default target changes.

> 4. In order to test the provided Wasm binary, change to the current directory

Reviewer: change ~to~ the current directory*

Author: Oops, yeah.  Well-spotted on that one!

   to the `wasmi-impl` subdirectory and execute the following:
    ```
    cargo test
    ```

> 

Reviewer: Let's add another bullet point or make this point 4 and make point 4 -> point 5:

5. To run the main application, change to `bin/` and execute the `app`:
   ```
   ./app
   ```

Author: Would you mind providing a diff via the GH "suggestion" feature? @billguo99

Reviewer: Cool, done

    ```
   and `cd` into it.
3. Run `make all` to compile the entire project.
4. In order to test the provided Wasm binary, change to the current directory
   to the `wasmi-impl` subdirectory and execute the following:
    ```
    cargo test
    ```

### The makefile has those commands available: 
- make (will compile everything)
- make host (will only compile the host part)
- make enclave (will only compile the enclave part)
- make clean (will clean the objects/C edl files generated)
- make clean_host (will clean the objects/C edl files generated for the host only)
- make clean_enclave (will clean the objects/C edl files generated for the enclave only)
- make fclean (will clean objects/C edl files and the binaries, plus calling cargo clean for everything)
- make fclean_host (will clean objects/C edl files and the binaries, plus calling cargo clean for the host only)
- make fclean_enclave (will clean objects/C edl files and the binaries, plus calling cargo clean for the enclave only)
- make re (re as relink, will clean everything then compile everything again)
- make re_host (re as relink, will clean the host part then compile it again)

> - make re_enclave (re as relink, will clean the enclave part then compile it again)

Reviewer: These commands might be useful to have in the README but I'm open to leave them out. Perhaps get a second opinion.

Reviewer 2: We can keep them, but I think it adds a bit of noise. Either way is fine for me.

Author: I am open to considering this but currently prefer leaving them out.  I was aiming more for a "quick start" rather than something comprehensive.  I am of the opinion that the reader could always just look at the `Makefile` if they're that interested.

Reviewer: Cool, let's leave them out.

```
export CC=gcc; export CXX=g++
```
Otherwise you may safely continue.

The Rust and Intel SGX SDKs need to be installed and the
relevant environment variables need to be set.  In order to facilitate this, we
use the convenience scripts provided at [rust-sgx-sdk-env].

1. Make sure the `docker` daemon is running, otherwise start it with
   ```
   $ systemctl start snap.docker.dockerd
   ```
2. In order to run the scripts as a non-root user, follow the
   [docker-postinstall](post-installation instructions) set out in the Docker
   documentation (note, in particular, that a restart may be necessary).
3. Run the latest "prepare" script:
   ```
   $ ./prepare-1.1.14-intel-2.15.1.sh
   ```
4. Finally, assuming `bash` is the current shell, source the environment file in
   the top level of the repository:
   ```
   $ source environment
   ```

### Instructions

1. Before proceeding, make sure your [environment is set up](#environment)
   properly.
2. Clone the project repository into the current directory
    ```
    $ git clone https://github.com/ntls-io/wasm-exec-sgx
    ```
   and `cd` into it.
3. Run `make all` to compile the entire project.

> 4. In order to test the provided Wasm binary, change the current directory to
>    the `wasmi-impl` subdirectory and execute the following:
>     ```
>     cargo test
>     ```

Reviewer: ```suggestion
4. To run the main application, change to bin/ and execute the following:
     ```
    ./app
    ```
5. In order to test the provided Wasm binary, change the current directory to
   the `wasmi-impl` subdirectory and execute the following:
    ```
    cargo test
    ```
```

    - `libtool`
- Snaps:
    - `docker`
- Rust toolchain:
    - See [#rust-ecosystem]

### Rust ecosystem

Install `rustup` as described at [rustup.rs](https://rustup.rs/).  If you did
not explicitly select `nightly` as your default toolchain then do so now
```
$ rustup install nightly
```
followed by
```
$ rustup default nightly
```

You will now have the `cargo` build tool, as well as the nigtly `rustc` compiler
installed on your system and may now continue setting up your environment.

### Environment

**NOTE:** If you opted to install `gcc` as your compiler, make sure you run
```
export CC=gcc; export CXX=g++
```
Otherwise you may safely continue.

The Rust and Intel SGX SDKs need to be installed and the
relevant environment variables need to be set.  In order to facilitate this, we
use the convenience scripts provided at [rust-sgx-sdk-env].

1. Make sure the `docker` daemon is running, otherwise start it with
   ```
   $ systemctl start snap.docker.dockerd
   ```
2. In order to run the scripts as a non-root user, follow the
   [docker-postinstall](post-installation instructions) set out in the Docker
   documentation (note, in particular, that a restart may be necessary).

> 3. Run the latest "prepare" script:
>    ```
>    $ ./prepare-1.1.14-intel-2.15.1.sh
>    ```
> 4. Finally, assuming `bash` is the current shell, source the environment file in
>    the top level of the repository:
>    ```
>    $ source environment
>    ```

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. Clone the project repository
   ```
   $ git clone https://github.com/PiDelport/rust-sgx-sdk-dev-env
   ```
   and `cd` into it.
4. Run the latest "prepare" script:
   ```
   $ ./prepare-1.1.14-intel-2.15.1.sh
   ```
5. Finally, assuming `bash` is the current shell, source the environment file in
   the top level of the repository:
   ```
   $ source environment
   ```
```
